Feat/OIDC loopback redirect dynamic (#13871)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/13871.txt

```release-note:bug

> oidc: Support dynamic port for loopback redirect URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identity/oidc: Adds support for port-agnostic validation of loopback IP redirect URIs.
```
